Topology: Use the same network setup from Phase 1 or an emulation environment (e.g., virtual Linux machines). You may deploy a Certificate Authority (CA) or use a self-signed certificate.

Set up a certificate.
Ensure you have a server.crt from Lab - OpenSSL and TLS for Secure Communication. If not, generate a self-signed certificate using OpenSSL, as shown in the lab.
Implement a TLS client.
Import modules relevant to your application development and socket programming.
Define the server IP and port addresses that the client connects to.
Wrap your TCP socket with TLS context.
Prompt for and then send user input. 
Note: You can pass the data as an argument to the application or prompt the user to enter a message.
Receive a reply from the server and display it on the screen.
Handle exceptions as needed.
Close the TLS socket to release resources, including the TLS connection between the client and server.
Implement a TLS server. 
Create a secure context using your certificate and private key.
Wrap the TCP server socket to support TLS.
Accept and respond to client requests.
Modularize your logic (use functions where possible).
Handle exceptions as needed.
Close connections gracefully.
Capture the TLS session using Wireshark. 
Take a screenshot of the TLS packet capture.
Identify key TLS handshake elements.
Can you see the actual message contents? Compare this to your TCP capture from Phase 1.
Part B: Reflection
In this section, you’ll reflect on your implementation and compare TCP and TLS based on your experience.

A half pager step-by-step explanation of client interaction with different entities.
Answer the following questions in a short (one to two pages) summary or annotated notebook in Word or PDF format. Make sure your answer is well connected to your implementation. 
How do TCP and TLS differ in their socket creation and setup?
How do they handle connection reliability, ordering and encryption?
What challenges did you face in implementing TLS?
What are the trade-offs when choosing TLS over TCP?
Does TLS effectively address the security weaknesses you observed in TCP?
Include the following items with your submission:
A screenshot from your TLS Wireshark capture.
References to your code and/or console output, where appropriate.


openssl req -new -x509 -nodes -sha256 -days 365 \
  -key server.key \
  -out server.crt \
  -subj "/CN=192.168.50.14" \
  -addext "subjectAltName = IP:192.168.50.14"